Toast: Add icon visibility note to type topic (#7696)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxToast/1 Configuration/type.md

---
The available toast types (except for "custom") only differ by the icon and background color.

> If you assign "custom" to the **type** property, the `dx-toast-custom` class is applied to the UI component element. Implement the appropriate CSS styles to specify toast appearance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you assign "custom" to the **type** property, the `dx-toast-custom` class is applied to the UI component element. Use CSS styles to customize the appearance of the toast.
```
